Add selector property in application.yml (#4514)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/backend/backend-setup.md

So, in `application.yml`, there are three levels.
1. **Level 1**, module name. Meaning this module is active in running mode.

> 1. **Level 2**, provider name and provider selector. Available providers are listed here with a selector to indicate which one will actually take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Level 2**, provider option list and provider selector. Available providers are listed here with a selector to indicate which one will actually take effect.
```

1. **Level 3**. settings of the provider.

Example:

```yaml
storage:
  selector: mysql # the mysql storage will actually be activated, while the h2 storage takes no effect
  h2:
    driver: ${SW_STORAGE_H2_DRIVER:org.h2.jdbcx.JdbcDataSource}
    url: ${SW_STORAGE_H2_URL:jdbc:h2:mem:skywalking-oap-db}
    user: ${SW_STORAGE_H2_USER:sa}
    metadataQueryMaxSize: ${SW_STORAGE_H2_QUERY_MAX_SIZE:5000}
  mysql:
    properties:
      jdbcUrl: ${SW_JDBC_URL:"jdbc:mysql://localhost:3306/swtest"}
      dataSource.user: ${SW_DATA_SOURCE_USER:root}
      dataSource.password: ${SW_DATA_SOURCE_PASSWORD:root@1234}
      dataSource.cachePrepStmts: ${SW_DATA_SOURCE_CACHE_PREP_STMTS:true}
      dataSource.prepStmtCacheSize: ${SW_DATA_SOURCE_PREP_STMT_CACHE_SQL_SIZE:250}
      dataSource.prepStmtCacheSqlLimit: ${SW_DATA_SOURCE_PREP_STMT_CACHE_SQL_LIMIT:2048}
      dataSource.useServerPrepStmts: ${SW_DATA_SOURCE_USE_SERVER_PREP_STMTS:true}
    metadataQueryMaxSize: ${SW_STORAGE_MYSQL_QUERY_MAX_SIZE:5000}
  # other configurations
```

1. **`core`** is the module.

> 1. **`selector`** selects one out of the all providers listed below, the unselected ones take no effect as if they were deleted.

Reviewer: I think we also should indicate `selector` is optional if there is only one provider.

1. **`default`** is the default implementor of core module.
1. `driver`, `url`, ... `metadataQueryMaxSize` are all setting items of the implementor.

At the same time, modules includes required and optional, the required modules provide the skeleton of backend,
even modularization supported pluggable, removing those modules are meaningless, for optional modules, if there is provider

> called `none`, you can simply set it to the `selector` to disable it, otherwise, please set `-` to the selector.

Reviewer: `if there is provider called `none`, you can simply set it to the `selector` to disable it, otherwise, please set `-` to the selector`
->

Some modules have a provider implementation called none, meaning it only provides a shell with no actual logic, typically such as telemetry.

Set `-` to the selector means this whole module will be excluded in the runtime.
